	Session	11.11.
Krigging - Idee zum Extrapolieren der Daten (ist Arsch)
Inverse distance weighting - Idee zur Polation der ash fall Daten (?)

Satelite Images for agricultural usage - Bedingt besserer Suchbegriff für Karten landwirtschaftlicher Nutzung

	Session 02.12.
Interpolation funzt.
Technik der Wahl ist "Spatial Smoothing".

Continuing work on Damage classes:
Damage classes:
	(1)	Ash fall below 1 cm:
		Little damage possible to livestock (possible irritation of skin & eyes and fluorosis may happen but unlikely), plants (acid damges, discolouration or abrasion during clean-up) and humans (possible irritation of skin & eyes).
		Nutrient rich ash fall may even have positive Impact on soil.
		Key quantities are soluble salt burden, particle size and abbrasiveness.

	(2)	Ash fall of 1 cm up to 10 cm:
		Damage to lifestock is similar to less ash fall but generally more severe.
		Access to clean drinking water and food is likely impaired and nutrient supplements necessary.
		Ingestion of much Arsch likely leads to intestinal blockages and fluorosis is more likely.
		Plants and agriculture may suffer from the ashes weight and shading of the sun.
		Acidic leachate (=Sickerwasser) likely damgages fruit and foilage.
		The impact on agriculture potentially leads to food shortages for humans in surrounding areas.
		Key quantities are soluble salt burden and mechanical strength of the ash layer.

	(3)	Ash fall above 10 cm and up to 100 cm:
		Generally a stronger incapitation of human society and appearance of more severe long term effects.
		Agriculture suffers severly from heavy loads of ash.
		Planted crops are lost and new ones cannot be sown due to the soil being buried below the thick layers of ash.
		Rehab of soil by human interventioin is likely necessary.
		Therefore humans are bound to face food shortages.
		Trees are damaged by the load and shading from the sun.
		Key quantities are density, loading, particle size and thickness of the ash cover.

	(4)	Ash fall Above 100 cm:
		Total burial of basically anything.
		Life in this region is hardly possible wihtout MAJOR efforts to remove the ash cover and restoration of soil and environment.

	(5) Conclusion and global effects:
		Overall one may expect 100s of millions of dollars in "economical" damages besides thousands of casualties.
		